Update 09-configuration.md - Ensure Absence of Conflicting Route in web.php (#7406)
laravel-filament/filament: packages/panels/docs/09-configuration.md

}
```

> Make sure your `web.php` file doesn't already define the `''` or `'/'` route, as it will take presedence. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure your `routes/web.php` file doesn't already define the `''` or `'/'` route, as it will take precedence.
```
